docs/rules/_TEMPLATE_.md, before:

# TODO: rule-name-goes-here

TODO: context about the problem goes here

## Rule Details

TODO: what the rule does goes here

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
// TODO: Example 1
```

```js
// TODO: Example 2
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
// TODO: Example 1
```

```js
// TODO: Example 2
```

## Migration

TODO: suggest any fast/automated techniques for fixing violations in a large codebase

* TODO: suggestion on how to fix violations using find-and-replace / regexp
* TODO: suggestion on how to fix violations using a codemod

## Configuration

TODO: exclude this section if the rule has no extra configuration

* object -- containing the following properties:
  * string -- `parameterName1` -- TODO: description of parameter including the possible values and default value
  * boolean -- `parameterName2` -- TODO: description of parameter including the possible values and default value

## Related Rules

* [TODO-related-rule-name1](related-rule-name1.md)
* [TODO-related-rule-name2](related-rule-name2.md)

## References

* TODO: link to relevant documentation goes here)
* TODO: link to relevant function spec goes here
* TODO: link to relevant guide goes here

Commit message:

docs: mention if a rule is fixable in its documentation
Before this change, we only indicated which rules are fixable in the top-level README, but not in individual rule docs.

This change adds a message to individual rule docs that matches the convention of eslint core.

Also adds a test to ensure that the correct rule docs include this notice.

docs/rules/_TEMPLATE_.md, after:

# TODO: rule-name-goes-here

(TODO: only include this line if the rule is fixable) :wrench: The `--fix` option on the [command line](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/command-line-interface#fixing-problems) can automatically fix some of the problems reported by this rule.

TODO: context about the problem goes here

## Rule Details

TODO: what the rule does goes here

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
// TODO: Example 1
```

```js
// TODO: Example 2
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
// TODO: Example 1
```

```js
// TODO: Example 2
```

## Migration

TODO: suggest any fast/automated techniques for fixing violations in a large codebase

* TODO: suggestion on how to fix violations using find-and-replace / regexp
* TODO: suggestion on how to fix violations using a codemod

## Configuration

TODO: exclude this section if the rule has no extra configuration

* object -- containing the following properties:
  * string -- `parameterName1` -- TODO: description of parameter including the possible values and default value
  * boolean -- `parameterName2` -- TODO: description of parameter including the possible values and default value

## Related Rules

* [TODO-related-rule-name1](related-rule-name1.md)
* [TODO-related-rule-name2](related-rule-name2.md)

## References

* TODO: link to relevant documentation goes here)
* TODO: link to relevant function spec goes here
* TODO: link to relevant guide goes here
