docs/rules/new-module-imports.md, before:

# new-module-imports

Use "New Module Imports" from Ember RFC #176.

[RFC #176](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/176) introduced as new public
API for Ember.js based on ES6 module imports.

If you use `ember-cli-babel` with version `6.6.0` or above you can start using
the "New Module Imports" instead of the `Ember` global directly. This will
enable us to build better tree shaking feature into Ember CLI.

If you want to transition to new module imports in old Ember app use dedicated [codemod](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-modules-codemod). For more information, please read [the following article](https://medium.com/@Dhaulagiri/embers-javascript-modules-api-b4483782f329) by Brian Runnells.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
Ember.Component.extend({});
Ember.Object.extend({});
Ember.computed(function () {});
Ember.inject.service('foo');
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```javascript
import Component from '@ember/component';
import EmberObject, { computed } from '@ember/object';
import Service, { inject } from '@ember/service';
```

Commit message:

docs: mention what config a rule is enabled by in its rule doc
Matches the eslint plugin rule docs (example: https://eslint.org/docs/rules/no-extra-semi).

This makes it easier to gain a complete picture of the rule by looking at its rule doc (without depending on the overall README.md).

And adds a test to ensure the docs are correct.

docs/rules/new-module-imports.md, after:

# new-module-imports

:white_check_mark: The `"extends": "plugin:ember/recommended"` property in a configuration file enables this rule.

Use "New Module Imports" from Ember RFC #176.

[RFC #176](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/176) introduced as new public
API for Ember.js based on ES6 module imports.

If you use `ember-cli-babel` with version `6.6.0` or above you can start using
the "New Module Imports" instead of the `Ember` global directly. This will
enable us to build better tree shaking feature into Ember CLI.

If you want to transition to new module imports in old Ember app use dedicated [codemod](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-modules-codemod). For more information, please read [the following article](https://medium.com/@Dhaulagiri/embers-javascript-modules-api-b4483782f329) by Brian Runnells.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
Ember.Component.extend({});
Ember.Object.extend({});
Ember.computed(function () {});
Ember.inject.service('foo');
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```javascript
import Component from '@ember/component';
import EmberObject, { computed } from '@ember/object';
import Service, { inject } from '@ember/service';
```
