docs/rules/no-arrow-function-computed-properties.md, before:

# no-arrow-function-computed-properties

Arrow functions should not be used in computed properties because they are unable to access other properties (using `this.property`) of the same object. Accidental usage can thus lead to bugs.

## Rule Details

This rule disallows using arrow functions in computed properties.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
import EmberObject, { computed } from '@ember/object';

const Person = EmberObject.extend({
  fullName: computed('firstName', 'lastName', () => {
    return `${this.firstName} ${this.lastName}`;
  })
});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
import EmberObject, { computed } from '@ember/object';

const Person = EmberObject.extend({
  fullName: computed('firstName', 'lastName', function () {
    return `${this.firstName} ${this.lastName}`;
  })
});
```

## Configuration

This rule takes an optional object containing:

* `boolean` -- `onlyThisContexts` -- whether the rule should allow or disallow computed properties where the arrow function body does not contain a `this` reference (default: `false`)

## References

* [Arrow function spec](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/Arrow_functions)
* [Computed property spec](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/release/classes/ComputedProperty)

## Help Wanted

| Issue | Link |
| :-- | :-- |
| :x: Missing native JavaScript class support | [#560](https://github.com/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember/issues/560) |

Commit message:

docs: mention what config a rule is enabled by in its rule doc
Matches the eslint plugin rule docs (example: https://eslint.org/docs/rules/no-extra-semi).

This makes it easier to gain a complete picture of the rule by looking at its rule doc (without depending on the overall README.md).

And adds a test to ensure the docs are correct.

docs/rules/no-arrow-function-computed-properties.md, after:

# no-arrow-function-computed-properties

:white_check_mark: The `"extends": "plugin:ember/recommended"` property in a configuration file enables this rule.

Arrow functions should not be used in computed properties because they are unable to access other properties (using `this.property`) of the same object. Accidental usage can thus lead to bugs.

## Rule Details

This rule disallows using arrow functions in computed properties.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
import EmberObject, { computed } from '@ember/object';

const Person = EmberObject.extend({
  fullName: computed('firstName', 'lastName', () => {
    return `${this.firstName} ${this.lastName}`;
  })
});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
import EmberObject, { computed } from '@ember/object';

const Person = EmberObject.extend({
  fullName: computed('firstName', 'lastName', function () {
    return `${this.firstName} ${this.lastName}`;
  })
});
```

## Configuration

This rule takes an optional object containing:

* `boolean` -- `onlyThisContexts` -- whether the rule should allow or disallow computed properties where the arrow function body does not contain a `this` reference (default: `false`)

## References

* [Arrow function spec](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Functions/Arrow_functions)
* [Computed property spec](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/release/classes/ComputedProperty)

## Help Wanted

| Issue | Link |
| :-- | :-- |
| :x: Missing native JavaScript class support | [#560](https://github.com/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember/issues/560) |
