docs/rules/no-classic-classes.md, before:

# no-classic-classes

Disallow "classic" classes in favor of native JS classes.

Ember now allows you to use native JS classes to extend the built-in classes provided by Ember. This pattern is preferred in favor of using the "classic" style of classes that Ember has provided since before JS classes were available to use.

## Rule Details

This rule aims to ensure that you do not use a "classic" Ember class where a native class could be used instead. The one instance where `.extend` should still be used is for including a Mixin into your class, which does not have a native JS class alternative available.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```javascript
// Extending an Ember class using the "classic" class pattern is not OK
import Component from '@ember/component';

export default Component.extend({});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```javascript
// Extending using a native JS class is OK
import Component from '@ember/component';

export default class MyComponent extends Component {}
```

```javascript
// Including a Mixin is OK
import Component from '@ember/component';
import Evented from '@ember/object/evented';

export default class MyComponent extends Component.extend(Evented) {}
```

## When Not To Use It

* If you are not ready to transition completely to native JS classes, you should not enable this rule

## Further Reading

* [Ember Octane Release Plan](https://blog.emberjs.com/2019/08/15/octane-release-plan.html)
  * Includes advice on transition Components to use native, rather than classic, classes
* [Ember.js Native Class Update - 2019 Edition](https://blog.emberjs.com/2019/01/26/emberjs-native-class-update-2019-edition.html)
  * **Note:** some of the recommendations made in this blog post are longer relevant, such as using `.extend` when defining a computed property

Commit message:

docs: mention what config a rule is enabled by in its rule doc
Matches the eslint plugin rule docs (example: https://eslint.org/docs/rules/no-extra-semi).

This makes it easier to gain a complete picture of the rule by looking at its rule doc (without depending on the overall README.md).

And adds a test to ensure the docs are correct.

docs/rules/no-classic-classes.md, after:

# no-classic-classes

:car: The `"extends": "plugin:ember/octane"` property in a configuration file enables this rule.

Disallow "classic" classes in favor of native JS classes.

Ember now allows you to use native JS classes to extend the built-in classes provided by Ember. This pattern is preferred in favor of using the "classic" style of classes that Ember has provided since before JS classes were available to use.

## Rule Details

This rule aims to ensure that you do not use a "classic" Ember class where a native class could be used instead. The one instance where `.extend` should still be used is for including a Mixin into your class, which does not have a native JS class alternative available.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```javascript
// Extending an Ember class using the "classic" class pattern is not OK
import Component from '@ember/component';

export default Component.extend({});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```javascript
// Extending using a native JS class is OK
import Component from '@ember/component';

export default class MyComponent extends Component {}
```

```javascript
// Including a Mixin is OK
import Component from '@ember/component';
import Evented from '@ember/object/evented';

export default class MyComponent extends Component.extend(Evented) {}
```

## When Not To Use It

* If you are not ready to transition completely to native JS classes, you should not enable this rule

## Further Reading

* [Ember Octane Release Plan](https://blog.emberjs.com/2019/08/15/octane-release-plan.html)
  * Includes advice on transition Components to use native, rather than classic, classes
* [Ember.js Native Class Update - 2019 Edition](https://blog.emberjs.com/2019/01/26/emberjs-native-class-update-2019-edition.html)
  * **Note:** some of the recommendations made in this blog post are longer relevant, such as using `.extend` when defining a computed property
