docs/rules/no-capital-letters-in-routes.md, before:

# no-capital-letters-in-routes

Raise an error when there is a route with upper-cased letters in router.js.

When you accidentally uppercase any of your routes or create upper-cased route using ember-cli the application will crash without any clear information what's wrong. This rule makes it more obvious, so you don't have to think about it any more.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
this.route('Home');
this.route('SignUp');
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
this.route('home');
this.route('sign-up');
```

## References

* [Ember Routing Guide](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/routing/)

## Related Rules

* [no-unnecessary-route-path-option](no-unnecessary-route-path-option.md)
* [route-path-style](route-path-style.md)
* [routes-segments-snake-case](routes-segments-snake-case.md)

## Help Wanted

| Issue | Link |
| :-- | :-- |
| :x: Missing native JavaScript class support | [#560](https://github.com/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember/issues/560) |

Commit message:

docs: mention what config a rule is enabled by in its rule doc
Matches the eslint plugin rule docs (example: https://eslint.org/docs/rules/no-extra-semi).

This makes it easier to gain a complete picture of the rule by looking at its rule doc (without depending on the overall README.md).

And adds a test to ensure the docs are correct.

docs/rules/no-capital-letters-in-routes.md, after:

# no-capital-letters-in-routes

:white_check_mark: The `"extends": "plugin:ember/recommended"` property in a configuration file enables this rule.

Raise an error when there is a route with upper-cased letters in router.js.

When you accidentally uppercase any of your routes or create upper-cased route using ember-cli the application will crash without any clear information what's wrong. This rule makes it more obvious, so you don't have to think about it any more.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
this.route('Home');
this.route('SignUp');
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
this.route('home');
this.route('sign-up');
```

## References

* [Ember Routing Guide](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/routing/)

## Related Rules

* [no-unnecessary-route-path-option](no-unnecessary-route-path-option.md)
* [route-path-style](route-path-style.md)
* [routes-segments-snake-case](routes-segments-snake-case.md)

## Help Wanted

| Issue | Link |
| :-- | :-- |
| :x: Missing native JavaScript class support | [#560](https://github.com/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember/issues/560) |
