docs/rules/no-computed-properties-in-native-classes.md, before:

# no-computed-properties-in-native-classes

Since the beginning of Ember's existence, Computed Properties (CPs) have been used to accomplish reactivity in the framework. With Ember Octane, new features were introduced including Glimmer components, native JavaScript classes and Tracked Properties. With Ember Octane's new programming model, CPs are no longer needed. If using native JavaScript classes, Tracked Properties should be used instead as they give us the same benefit of CPs but with less boilerplate and more flexibility.

## Rule Details

This rule disallows using computed properties with native classes.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
import Component from '@ember/component';
import { and, or, alias } from '@ember/object/computed';

export default class MyComponent extends Component {
  // ...
}
```

```js
import Component from '@ember/component';
import { computed } from '@ember/object';

export default class MyComponent extends Component {
  // ...
}
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
import { computed } from '@ember/object';
import Component from '@ember/component';

export default Component.extend({});
```

```js
import { alias, or, and } from '@ember/object/computed';
import Component from '@ember/component';

export default Component.extend({});
```

```js
import { tracked } from '@glimmer/tracking';
import Component from '@ember/component';

export default class MyComponent extends Component {}
```

## References

* [Ember Guides: Tracked Properties](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/state-management/tracked-properties/)
* [Tracked Properties Deep Dive](https://www.pzuraq.com/coming-soon-in-ember-octane-part-3-tracked-properties/)

Commit message:

docs: mention what config a rule is enabled by in its rule doc
Matches the eslint plugin rule docs (example: https://eslint.org/docs/rules/no-extra-semi).

This makes it easier to gain a complete picture of the rule by looking at its rule doc (without depending on the overall README.md).

And adds a test to ensure the docs are correct.

docs/rules/no-computed-properties-in-native-classes.md, after:

# no-computed-properties-in-native-classes

:car: The `"extends": "plugin:ember/octane"` property in a configuration file enables this rule.

Since the beginning of Ember's existence, Computed Properties (CPs) have been used to accomplish reactivity in the framework. With Ember Octane, new features were introduced including Glimmer components, native JavaScript classes and Tracked Properties. With Ember Octane's new programming model, CPs are no longer needed. If using native JavaScript classes, Tracked Properties should be used instead as they give us the same benefit of CPs but with less boilerplate and more flexibility.

## Rule Details

This rule disallows using computed properties with native classes.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
import Component from '@ember/component';
import { and, or, alias } from '@ember/object/computed';

export default class MyComponent extends Component {
  // ...
}
```

```js
import Component from '@ember/component';
import { computed } from '@ember/object';

export default class MyComponent extends Component {
  // ...
}
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
import { computed } from '@ember/object';
import Component from '@ember/component';

export default Component.extend({});
```

```js
import { alias, or, and } from '@ember/object/computed';
import Component from '@ember/component';

export default Component.extend({});
```

```js
import { tracked } from '@glimmer/tracking';
import Component from '@ember/component';

export default class MyComponent extends Component {}
```

## References

* [Ember Guides: Tracked Properties](https://octane-guides-preview.emberjs.com/release/state-management/tracked-properties/)
* [Tracked Properties Deep Dive](https://www.pzuraq.com/coming-soon-in-ember-octane-part-3-tracked-properties/)
