docs/rules/no-ember-testing-in-module-scope.md, before:

# no-ember-testing-in-module-scope

`Ember.testing` is not allowed in modules scope.

Since ember-cli-qunit@4.1.0 / ember-qunit@3.0.0, `Ember.testing` is only set to
true while a test is executing instead of all the time. Also, `Ember.testing` is a
getter/setter in Ember and destructuring will only read its value at the time
of destructuring.

<https://github.com/emberjs/ember-test-helpers/pull/227>

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
import Component from '@ember/component';

export default Component.extend({
  init(...args) {
    this._super(...args);
    this.isTesting = Ember.testing;
  }
});
```

```js
import Ember from 'ember';
import Component from '@ember/component';

export default Component.extend({
  isTesting: Ember.testing
});
```

```js
import Ember from 'ember';

const IS_TESTING = Ember.testing;
```

```js
import Ember from 'ember';

const { testing } = Ember;
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```javascript
import Ember from 'ember';
import Component from '@ember/component';

export default Component.extend({
  someMethod() {
    if (Ember.testing) {
      doSomething();
    } else {
      doSomethingElse();
    }
  }
});
```

```js
import Ember from 'ember';
import Service from '@ember/service';

export default Service.extend({
  foo() {
    _bar(Ember.testing ? 0 : 400);
  }
});
```

Commit message:

docs: mention what config a rule is enabled by in its rule doc
Matches the eslint plugin rule docs (example: https://eslint.org/docs/rules/no-extra-semi).

This makes it easier to gain a complete picture of the rule by looking at its rule doc (without depending on the overall README.md).

And adds a test to ensure the docs are correct.

docs/rules/no-ember-testing-in-module-scope.md, after:

# no-ember-testing-in-module-scope

:white_check_mark: The `"extends": "plugin:ember/recommended"` property in a configuration file enables this rule.

`Ember.testing` is not allowed in modules scope.

Since ember-cli-qunit@4.1.0 / ember-qunit@3.0.0, `Ember.testing` is only set to
true while a test is executing instead of all the time. Also, `Ember.testing` is a
getter/setter in Ember and destructuring will only read its value at the time
of destructuring.

<https://github.com/emberjs/ember-test-helpers/pull/227>

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
import Component from '@ember/component';

export default Component.extend({
  init(...args) {
    this._super(...args);
    this.isTesting = Ember.testing;
  }
});
```

```js
import Ember from 'ember';
import Component from '@ember/component';

export default Component.extend({
  isTesting: Ember.testing
});
```

```js
import Ember from 'ember';

const IS_TESTING = Ember.testing;
```

```js
import Ember from 'ember';

const { testing } = Ember;
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```javascript
import Ember from 'ember';
import Component from '@ember/component';

export default Component.extend({
  someMethod() {
    if (Ember.testing) {
      doSomething();
    } else {
      doSomethingElse();
    }
  }
});
```

```js
import Ember from 'ember';
import Service from '@ember/service';

export default Service.extend({
  foo() {
    _bar(Ember.testing ? 0 : 400);
  }
});
```
