docs/rules/no-function-prototype-extensions.md, before:

# no-function-prototype-extensions

✅ The `"extends": "plugin:ember/recommended"` property in a configuration file enables this rule.

Do not use Ember's `function` prototype extensions.

Use computed property syntax, observer syntax or module hooks instead of `.property()`, `.observes()` or `.on()` in Ember modules.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
export default Component.extend({
  abc: function () {
    /* custom logic */
  }.property('xyz'),
  def: function () {
    /* custom logic */
  }.observes('xyz'),
  ghi: function () {
    /* custom logic */
  }.on('didInsertElement')
});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
export default Component.extend({
  abc: computed('xyz', function () {
    /* custom logic */
  }),
  def: observer('xyz', function () {
    /* custom logic */
  }),
  didInsertElement() {
    /* custom logic */
  }
});
```

## Related Rules

* [no-array-prototype-extensions](no-array-prototype-extensions.md)
* [no-string-prototype-extensions](no-string-prototype-extensions.md)

Commit message:

docs: improve documentation for prototype extension rules

docs/rules/no-function-prototype-extensions.md, after:

# no-function-prototype-extensions

✅ The `"extends": "plugin:ember/recommended"` property in a configuration file enables this rule.

By default, Ember extends certain native JavaScript objects with additional methods. This can lead to problems in some situations. One example is relying on these methods in an addon that is used inside an app that has the extensions disabled.

The prototype extensions for the `function` object will likely become deprecated in the future.

Use computed property syntax, observer syntax, or module hooks instead of `.property()`, `.observes()` or `.on()` in Ember modules.

## Rule Details

This rule will disallow method calls that match any of the forbidden `function` prototype extension method names.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
export default Component.extend({
  abc: function () {
    /* custom logic */
  }.property('xyz'),
  def: function () {
    /* custom logic */
  }.observes('xyz'),
  ghi: function () {
    /* custom logic */
  }.on('didInsertElement')
});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
export default Component.extend({
  abc: computed('xyz', function () {
    /* custom logic */
  }),
  def: observer('xyz', function () {
    /* custom logic */
  }),
  didInsertElement() {
    /* custom logic */
  }
});
```

## References

* [Ember Prototype extensions documentation](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/configuring-ember/disabling-prototype-extensions/)

## Related Rules

* [no-array-prototype-extensions](no-array-prototype-extensions.md)
* [no-string-prototype-extensions](no-string-prototype-extensions.md)
