docs/rules/no-get-with-default.md, before:

# no-get-with-default

:wrench: The `--fix` option on the [command line](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/command-line-interface#fixing-problems) can automatically fix some of the problems reported by this rule.

This rule attempts to catch and prevent the use of `getWithDefault`.

## Rule Details

Even though the behavior for `getWithDefault` is more defined such that it only falls back to the default value on `undefined`, its inconsistency with the native `||` is confusing to many developers who assume otherwise. Instead, this rule encourages developers to use:

- `||` operator
- ternary operator

In addition, [Nullish Coalescing Operator `??`](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-nullish-coalescing) will land in the JavaScript language soon so developers can leverage safe property access with native support instead of using `getWithDefault`. But note that `??` checks for either `undefined` or `null` whereas `getWithDefault` only checks for `undefined`.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
const test = this.getWithDefault('key', []);
```

```js
import { getWithDefault } from '@ember/object';

const test = getWithDefault(this, 'key', []);
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
const test = this.key === undefined ? [] : this.key;
```

```js
// the behavior of this is different because `test` would be assigned `[]` on any falsy value instead of on only `undefined`.
const test = this.key || [];
```

## References

- [RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/554/) to deprecate `getWithDefault`
- [spec](http://api.emberjs.com/ember/3.13/functions/@ember%2Fobject/getWithDefault)

## Related Rules

- [no-get](no-get.md)

Commit message:

docs: mention what config a rule is enabled by in its rule doc
Matches the eslint plugin rule docs (example: https://eslint.org/docs/rules/no-extra-semi).

This makes it easier to gain a complete picture of the rule by looking at its rule doc (without depending on the overall README.md).

And adds a test to ensure the docs are correct.

docs/rules/no-get-with-default.md, after:

# no-get-with-default

:white_check_mark: The `"extends": "plugin:ember/recommended"` property in a configuration file enables this rule.

:wrench: The `--fix` option on the [command line](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/command-line-interface#fixing-problems) can automatically fix some of the problems reported by this rule.

This rule attempts to catch and prevent the use of `getWithDefault`.

## Rule Details

Even though the behavior for `getWithDefault` is more defined such that it only falls back to the default value on `undefined`, its inconsistency with the native `||` is confusing to many developers who assume otherwise. Instead, this rule encourages developers to use:

- `||` operator
- ternary operator

In addition, [Nullish Coalescing Operator `??`](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-nullish-coalescing) will land in the JavaScript language soon so developers can leverage safe property access with native support instead of using `getWithDefault`. But note that `??` checks for either `undefined` or `null` whereas `getWithDefault` only checks for `undefined`.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
const test = this.getWithDefault('key', []);
```

```js
import { getWithDefault } from '@ember/object';

const test = getWithDefault(this, 'key', []);
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
const test = this.key === undefined ? [] : this.key;
```

```js
// the behavior of this is different because `test` would be assigned `[]` on any falsy value instead of on only `undefined`.
const test = this.key || [];
```

## References

- [RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/554/) to deprecate `getWithDefault`
- [spec](http://api.emberjs.com/ember/3.13/functions/@ember%2Fobject/getWithDefault)

## Related Rules

- [no-get](no-get.md)
