docs/rules/no-invalid-dependent-keys.md, before:

# no-invalid-dependent-keys

:wrench: The `--fix` option on the [command line](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/command-line-interface#fixing-problems) can automatically fix some of the problems reported by this rule.

Dependent keys used for computed properties have to be valid.

## Rule Details

This rule aims to avoid invalid dependent keys in computed properties.

Currently implemented:

- Unbalanced open and closed braces. These can be hard to track for complex computed properties
and are usually unchecked since the expressions are passed as Strings.
- Invalid position of `@each` or `[]`

Not yet implemented:

- Check for invalid characters

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
export default Component.extend({
  // Unbalanced braces:
  fullName: computed('user.{firstName,lastName', {
    // Code
  })
});
```

```js
export default Component.extend({
  // Terminal `@each`:
  items: computed('arr.@each', {
    // Code
  })
});
```

```js
export default Component.extend({
  // `[]` in the middle:
  items: computed('arr.[].id', {
    // Code
  })
});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
export default Component.extend({
  fullName: computed('user.{firstName,lastName}', {
    // Code
  })
});
```

```js
export default Component.extend({
  items: computed('arr.[]', {
    // Code
  })
});
```

```js
export default Component.extend({
  items: computed('arr.@each.id', {
    // Code
  })
});
```

## References

- [Guide](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/object-model/computed-properties/) for computed properties

Commit message:

docs: mention what config a rule is enabled by in its rule doc
Matches the eslint plugin rule docs (example: https://eslint.org/docs/rules/no-extra-semi).

This makes it easier to gain a complete picture of the rule by looking at its rule doc (without depending on the overall README.md).

And adds a test to ensure the docs are correct.

docs/rules/no-invalid-dependent-keys.md, after:

# no-invalid-dependent-keys

:white_check_mark: The `"extends": "plugin:ember/recommended"` property in a configuration file enables this rule.

:wrench: The `--fix` option on the [command line](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/command-line-interface#fixing-problems) can automatically fix some of the problems reported by this rule.

Dependent keys used for computed properties have to be valid.

## Rule Details

This rule aims to avoid invalid dependent keys in computed properties.

Currently implemented:

- Unbalanced open and closed braces. These can be hard to track for complex computed properties
and are usually unchecked since the expressions are passed as Strings.
- Invalid position of `@each` or `[]`

Not yet implemented:

- Check for invalid characters

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
export default Component.extend({
  // Unbalanced braces:
  fullName: computed('user.{firstName,lastName', {
    // Code
  })
});
```

```js
export default Component.extend({
  // Terminal `@each`:
  items: computed('arr.@each', {
    // Code
  })
});
```

```js
export default Component.extend({
  // `[]` in the middle:
  items: computed('arr.[].id', {
    // Code
  })
});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
export default Component.extend({
  fullName: computed('user.{firstName,lastName}', {
    // Code
  })
});
```

```js
export default Component.extend({
  items: computed('arr.[]', {
    // Code
  })
});
```

```js
export default Component.extend({
  items: computed('arr.@each.id', {
    // Code
  })
});
```

## References

- [Guide](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/object-model/computed-properties/) for computed properties
