docs/rules/no-incorrect-computed-macros.md, before:

# no-incorrect-computed-macros

:wrench: The `--fix` option on the [command line](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/command-line-interface#fixing-problems) can automatically fix some of the problems reported by this rule.

This rule attempts to find incorrect usages of computed property macros, such as calling them with the incorrect number of arguments.

It currently only catches using the [and](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/release/functions/@ember%2Fobject%2Fcomputed/and) and [or](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/release/functions/@ember%2Fobject%2Fcomputed/or) macros with the wrong number of arguments, but may be expanded later.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
import { and, or } from '@ember/object/computed';

export default Component.extend({
  macroPropertyAnd: and('someProperty'), // Not enough arguments.

  macroPropertyOr: or('someProperty') // Not enough arguments.
});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
import { and, or, readOnly } from '@ember/object/computed';

export default Component.extend({
  macroPropertyReadOnly: readOnly('someProperty'),

  macroPropertyAnd: and('someProperty1', 'someProperty2'),

  macroPropertyOr: or('someProperty1', 'someProperty2')
});
```

## Related Rules

* [require-computed-macros](require-computed-macros.md)

## References

* [Guide](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/object-model/computed-properties/) for computed properties
* [Spec](http://api.emberjs.com/ember/release/modules/@ember%2Fobject#functions-computed) for computed property macros

Commit message:

docs: mention what config a rule is enabled by in its rule doc
Matches the eslint plugin rule docs (example: https://eslint.org/docs/rules/no-extra-semi).

This makes it easier to gain a complete picture of the rule by looking at its rule doc (without depending on the overall README.md).

And adds a test to ensure the docs are correct.

docs/rules/no-incorrect-computed-macros.md, after:

# no-incorrect-computed-macros

:white_check_mark: The `"extends": "plugin:ember/recommended"` property in a configuration file enables this rule.

:wrench: The `--fix` option on the [command line](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/command-line-interface#fixing-problems) can automatically fix some of the problems reported by this rule.

This rule attempts to find incorrect usages of computed property macros, such as calling them with the incorrect number of arguments.

It currently only catches using the [and](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/release/functions/@ember%2Fobject%2Fcomputed/and) and [or](https://api.emberjs.com/ember/release/functions/@ember%2Fobject%2Fcomputed/or) macros with the wrong number of arguments, but may be expanded later.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
import { and, or } from '@ember/object/computed';

export default Component.extend({
  macroPropertyAnd: and('someProperty'), // Not enough arguments.

  macroPropertyOr: or('someProperty') // Not enough arguments.
});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
import { and, or, readOnly } from '@ember/object/computed';

export default Component.extend({
  macroPropertyReadOnly: readOnly('someProperty'),

  macroPropertyAnd: and('someProperty1', 'someProperty2'),

  macroPropertyOr: or('someProperty1', 'someProperty2')
});
```

## Related Rules

* [require-computed-macros](require-computed-macros.md)

## References

* [Guide](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/object-model/computed-properties/) for computed properties
* [Spec](http://api.emberjs.com/ember/release/modules/@ember%2Fobject#functions-computed) for computed property macros
