docs/rules/no-jquery.md, before:

# no-jquery

This rule attempts to catch and prevent any usage of jQuery.

## Rule Details

If you want to remove jQuery this rule can help you by warning you of any usage of jQuery
in your app.

That includes:

- `this.$`, either on components or tests.
- `import $ from 'jquery';`;
- The global `$`
- `Ember.$` or `const { $ } = Ember;`

For replacing `this.$` on components you can use the native DOM counterpart `this.element`
For replacing `this.$` on tests, check [ember-native-dom-helpers](https://github.com/cibernox/ember-native-dom-helpers)

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
export default Component.extend({
  didInsertElement() {
    this.$('input').focus();
  }
});
```

```js
export default Component.extend({
  click() {
    $('body').addClass('expanded');
    // or
    Ember.$('body').addClass('expanded');
  }
});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
export default Component.extend({
  didInsertElement() {
    this.element.querySelector('input').focus();
  }
});
```

```js
export default Component.extend({
  click() {
    document.body.classList.add('expanded');
  }
});

Commit message:

docs: mention what config a rule is enabled by in its rule doc
Matches the eslint plugin rule docs (example: https://eslint.org/docs/rules/no-extra-semi).

This makes it easier to gain a complete picture of the rule by looking at its rule doc (without depending on the overall README.md).

And adds a test to ensure the docs are correct.

docs/rules/no-jquery.md, after:

# no-jquery

:white_check_mark: The `"extends": "plugin:ember/recommended"` property in a configuration file enables this rule.

This rule attempts to catch and prevent any usage of jQuery.

## Rule Details

If you want to remove jQuery this rule can help you by warning you of any usage of jQuery
in your app.

That includes:

- `this.$`, either on components or tests.
- `import $ from 'jquery';`;
- The global `$`
- `Ember.$` or `const { $ } = Ember;`

For replacing `this.$` on components you can use the native DOM counterpart `this.element`
For replacing `this.$` on tests, check [ember-native-dom-helpers](https://github.com/cibernox/ember-native-dom-helpers)

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
export default Component.extend({
  didInsertElement() {
    this.$('input').focus();
  }
});
```

```js
export default Component.extend({
  click() {
    $('body').addClass('expanded');
    // or
    Ember.$('body').addClass('expanded');
  }
});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
export default Component.extend({
  didInsertElement() {
    this.element.querySelector('input').focus();
  }
});
```

```js
export default Component.extend({
  click() {
    document.body.classList.add('expanded');
  }
});
