docs/rules/no-new-mixins.md, before:

# no-new-mixins

Using mixins to share code appears easy at first. But they add significant complexity as a project grows. Furthermore, the [Octane programming model](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/upgrading/current-edition/) eliminates the need to use them in favor of native class semantics and other primitives.

For practical strategies on removing mixins see [this discourse thread](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/best-way-to-replace-mixins/17395/2).

For more details and examples of how mixins create problems down-the-line, see these excellent blog posts:

* [Mixins Considered Harmful](https://reactjs.org/blog/2016/07/13/mixins-considered-harmful.html)
* [Why Are Mixins Considered Harmful?](http://raganwald.com/2016/07/16/why-are-mixins-considered-harmful.html)

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```javascript
// my-mixin.js
export default Mixin.create({
  isValidClassName(classname) {
    return Boolean(className.match('-class'));
  },

  hideModal(value) {
    this.set('isHidden', value);
  }
});
```

```javascript
// my-component.js
import myMixin from 'my-mixin';

export default Component.extend(myMixin, {
  aComputedProperty: computed('obj', function () {
    return this.isValidClassName(obj.className);
  })
});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```javascript
// my-utils.js
export function isValidClassName(classname) {
  return Boolean(className.match('-class'));
}

export function hideModal(obj, value) {
  set(obj, 'isHidden', value);
}
```

```javascript
// my-component.js
import { isValidClassName } from 'my-utils';

export default Component.extend({
  aComputedProperty: computed('obj', function () {
    return isValidClassName(obj.className);
  })
});
```

## Related Rules

* [no-mixins](no-mixins.md)

Commit message:

docs: mention what config a rule is enabled by in its rule doc
Matches the eslint plugin rule docs (example: https://eslint.org/docs/rules/no-extra-semi).

This makes it easier to gain a complete picture of the rule by looking at its rule doc (without depending on the overall README.md).

And adds a test to ensure the docs are correct.

docs/rules/no-new-mixins.md, after:

# no-new-mixins

:white_check_mark: The `"extends": "plugin:ember/recommended"` property in a configuration file enables this rule.

Using mixins to share code appears easy at first. But they add significant complexity as a project grows. Furthermore, the [Octane programming model](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/upgrading/current-edition/) eliminates the need to use them in favor of native class semantics and other primitives.

For practical strategies on removing mixins see [this discourse thread](https://discuss.emberjs.com/t/best-way-to-replace-mixins/17395/2).

For more details and examples of how mixins create problems down-the-line, see these excellent blog posts:

* [Mixins Considered Harmful](https://reactjs.org/blog/2016/07/13/mixins-considered-harmful.html)
* [Why Are Mixins Considered Harmful?](http://raganwald.com/2016/07/16/why-are-mixins-considered-harmful.html)

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```javascript
// my-mixin.js
export default Mixin.create({
  isValidClassName(classname) {
    return Boolean(className.match('-class'));
  },

  hideModal(value) {
    this.set('isHidden', value);
  }
});
```

```javascript
// my-component.js
import myMixin from 'my-mixin';

export default Component.extend(myMixin, {
  aComputedProperty: computed('obj', function () {
    return this.isValidClassName(obj.className);
  })
});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```javascript
// my-utils.js
export function isValidClassName(classname) {
  return Boolean(className.match('-class'));
}

export function hideModal(obj, value) {
  set(obj, 'isHidden', value);
}
```

```javascript
// my-component.js
import { isValidClassName } from 'my-utils';

export default Component.extend({
  aComputedProperty: computed('obj', function () {
    return isValidClassName(obj.className);
  })
});
```

## Related Rules

* [no-mixins](no-mixins.md)
