docs/rules/no-noop-setup-on-error-in-before.md, before:

# no-noop-setup-on-error-in-before

:wrench: The `--fix` option on the [command line](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/command-line-interface#fixing-problems) can automatically fix some of the problems reported by this rule.

Disallows use of no-op `setupOnerror` in `before`/`beforeEach` since it could mask errors or rejections in tests unintentionally

## Rule Details

This rule aims to avoid single no-op `setupOnerror` for all tests in the module. In certain situations(maybe the majority of the test cases throw an error), the author of the test might resort to the definition of single no-op `setupOnerror` in `before`/`beforeEach`. This might make sense at the time of writing the tests, but modules tend to grow and no-op error handler would swallow any promise rejection or error that otherwise would be caught by test.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
import { setupOnerror } from '@ember/test-helpers';
import { module } from 'qunit';

module('foo', function (hooks) {
  hooks.beforeEach(function () {
    setupOnerror(() => {});
  });
});
```

```js
import { setupOnerror } from '@ember/test-helpers';
import { module } from 'qunit';

module('foo', function (hooks) {
  hooks.before(function () {
    setupOnerror(() => {});
  });
});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
import { setupOnerror } from '@ember/test-helpers';
import { module, test } from 'qunit';

module('foo', function (hooks) {
  test('something', function () {
    setupOnerror((error) => {
      assert.equal(error.message, 'test', 'Should have message');
    });
  });
});
```

Commit message:

breaking: enable more recommended rules for v9

docs/rules/no-noop-setup-on-error-in-before.md, after:

# no-noop-setup-on-error-in-before

:white_check_mark: The `"extends": "plugin:ember/recommended"` property in a configuration file enables this rule.

:wrench: The `--fix` option on the [command line](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/command-line-interface#fixing-problems) can automatically fix some of the problems reported by this rule.

Disallows use of no-op `setupOnerror` in `before`/`beforeEach` since it could mask errors or rejections in tests unintentionally

## Rule Details

This rule aims to avoid single no-op `setupOnerror` for all tests in the module. In certain situations(maybe the majority of the test cases throw an error), the author of the test might resort to the definition of single no-op `setupOnerror` in `before`/`beforeEach`. This might make sense at the time of writing the tests, but modules tend to grow and no-op error handler would swallow any promise rejection or error that otherwise would be caught by test.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
import { setupOnerror } from '@ember/test-helpers';
import { module } from 'qunit';

module('foo', function (hooks) {
  hooks.beforeEach(function () {
    setupOnerror(() => {});
  });
});
```

```js
import { setupOnerror } from '@ember/test-helpers';
import { module } from 'qunit';

module('foo', function (hooks) {
  hooks.before(function () {
    setupOnerror(() => {});
  });
});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
import { setupOnerror } from '@ember/test-helpers';
import { module, test } from 'qunit';

module('foo', function (hooks) {
  test('something', function () {
    setupOnerror((error) => {
      assert.equal(error.message, 'test', 'Should have message');
    });
  });
});
```
