docs/rules/no-pause-test.md, before:

# no-pause-test

Disallow use of `pauseTest` helper in tests.

When `pauseTest()` is committed and run in CI it can cause runners to hang which is undesirable.

## Rule Details

This rule aims to prevent `pauseTest()` from being committed and run in CI.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
import { module, test } from 'qunit';
import { setupApplicationTest } from 'ember-qunit';

import { pauseTest } from '@ember/test-helpers';

module('Acceptance | foo test', function (hooks) {
  setupApplicationTest(hooks);

  test('it hangs', async function () {
    await this.pauseTest();
    // or
    await pauseTest();
  });
});
```

## When Not To Use It

If you have tests that call `resumeTest()` following a `pauseTest()`

```js
import { module, test } from 'qunit';
import { setupApplicationTest } from 'ember-qunit';

import { pauseTest, resumeTest } from '@ember/test-helpers';

module('Acceptance | foo test', function (hooks) {
  setupApplicationTest(hooks);

  test('it runs', function () {
    const promise = pauseTest();

    // Do some stuff

    resumeTest(); // Done
  });
});
```

## Further Reading

* [ember-test-helpers pauseTest documentation](https://github.com/emberjs/ember-test-helpers/blob/master/API.md#pausetest)

Commit message:

docs: mention what config a rule is enabled by in its rule doc
Matches the eslint plugin rule docs (example: https://eslint.org/docs/rules/no-extra-semi).

This makes it easier to gain a complete picture of the rule by looking at its rule doc (without depending on the overall README.md).

And adds a test to ensure the docs are correct.

docs/rules/no-pause-test.md, after:

# no-pause-test

:white_check_mark: The `"extends": "plugin:ember/recommended"` property in a configuration file enables this rule.

Disallow use of `pauseTest` helper in tests.

When `pauseTest()` is committed and run in CI it can cause runners to hang which is undesirable.

## Rule Details

This rule aims to prevent `pauseTest()` from being committed and run in CI.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
import { module, test } from 'qunit';
import { setupApplicationTest } from 'ember-qunit';

import { pauseTest } from '@ember/test-helpers';

module('Acceptance | foo test', function (hooks) {
  setupApplicationTest(hooks);

  test('it hangs', async function () {
    await this.pauseTest();
    // or
    await pauseTest();
  });
});
```

## When Not To Use It

If you have tests that call `resumeTest()` following a `pauseTest()`

```js
import { module, test } from 'qunit';
import { setupApplicationTest } from 'ember-qunit';

import { pauseTest, resumeTest } from '@ember/test-helpers';

module('Acceptance | foo test', function (hooks) {
  setupApplicationTest(hooks);

  test('it runs', function () {
    const promise = pauseTest();

    // Do some stuff

    resumeTest(); // Done
  });
});
```

## Further Reading

* [ember-test-helpers pauseTest documentation](https://github.com/emberjs/ember-test-helpers/blob/master/API.md#pausetest)
