docs/rules/no-tracked-properties-from-args.md, before:

# ember/no-tracked-properties-from-args

<!-- end auto-generated rule header -->

Disallow creation of @tracked properties from args.

## Rule Details

This rule disallows the creation of @tracked properties with values from `this.args`. The @tracked property will not be updated when the args change, which is almost never what you want. Instead, use a getter to derive the desired state.
If you need to modify a specific arg, consider having the parent provide a way for the child component to update it. This avoids having two sources of truth that you will need to keep in sync.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
class Example {
    @tracked someValue = this.args.someValue;
}
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
class Example {
    get someValue() {
        return this.args.someValue;
    }
}
```

## References

- [Glimmer Components - args](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/upgrading/current-edition/glimmer-components/#toc_getting-used-to-glimmer-components) guide
- [tracked](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/in-depth-topics/autotracking-in-depth/) guide

Commit message:

Add new `recommended` rules: `no-at-ember-render-modifiers`, `no-deprecated-router-transition-methods`, `no-implicit-injections`, `no-runloop`, `no-tracked-properties-from-args`, (#1963)

docs/rules/no-tracked-properties-from-args.md, after:

# ember/no-tracked-properties-from-args

💼 This rule is enabled in the ✅ `recommended` [config](https://github.com/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember#-configurations).

<!-- end auto-generated rule header -->

Disallow creation of @tracked properties from args.

## Rule Details

This rule disallows the creation of @tracked properties with values from `this.args`. The @tracked property will not be updated when the args change, which is almost never what you want. Instead, use a getter to derive the desired state.
If you need to modify a specific arg, consider having the parent provide a way for the child component to update it. This avoids having two sources of truth that you will need to keep in sync.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
class Example {
    @tracked someValue = this.args.someValue;
}
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
class Example {
    get someValue() {
        return this.args.someValue;
    }
}
```

## References

- [Glimmer Components - args](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/upgrading/current-edition/glimmer-components/#toc_getting-used-to-glimmer-components) guide
- [tracked](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/in-depth-topics/autotracking-in-depth/) guide
