docs/rules/no-test-import-export.md, before:

# no-test-import-export

No importing of test files.

**TL;DR** Do not import from a test file (a file ending in "-test.js") in another test file. Doing so will cause the module and tests from the imported file to be executed again. Similarly, test files should not have any exports.

Due to how qunit unloads a test module, importing a test file will cause any modules and tests within the file to be executed every time it gets loaded. If you want to import any helper functions or tests to be shared between multiple test files, please make it a test-helper that gets imported by the test file.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```javascript
import setupModule from './some-other-test';
import { module, test } from 'qunit';

module('Acceptance | module', setupModule());
```

```javascript
import { beforeEachSetup, testMethod } from './some-other-test';
import { module, test } from 'qunit';

module('Acceptance | module', beforeEachSetup());
```

```javascript
import testModule from '../../test-dir/another-test';
import { module, test } from 'qunit';

module('Acceptance | module', testModule());
```

```javascript
// some-test.js
export function beforeEachSetup() {}
```

```javascript
// some-test.js
function beforeEachSetup() {}

export default { beforeEachSetup };
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```javascript
import setupModule from './some-test-helper';
import { module, test } from 'qunit';

module('Acceptance | module', setupModule());
```

```javascript
// some-test-helper.js
export function beforeEachSetup() {
  // ...
}
```

```javascript
// some-test-helper.js
function beforeEachSetup() {}

export default { beforeEachSetup };
```

Commit message:

docs: mention what config a rule is enabled by in its rule doc
Matches the eslint plugin rule docs (example: https://eslint.org/docs/rules/no-extra-semi).

This makes it easier to gain a complete picture of the rule by looking at its rule doc (without depending on the overall README.md).

And adds a test to ensure the docs are correct.

docs/rules/no-test-import-export.md, after:

# no-test-import-export

:white_check_mark: The `"extends": "plugin:ember/recommended"` property in a configuration file enables this rule.

No importing of test files.

**TL;DR** Do not import from a test file (a file ending in "-test.js") in another test file. Doing so will cause the module and tests from the imported file to be executed again. Similarly, test files should not have any exports.

Due to how qunit unloads a test module, importing a test file will cause any modules and tests within the file to be executed every time it gets loaded. If you want to import any helper functions or tests to be shared between multiple test files, please make it a test-helper that gets imported by the test file.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```javascript
import setupModule from './some-other-test';
import { module, test } from 'qunit';

module('Acceptance | module', setupModule());
```

```javascript
import { beforeEachSetup, testMethod } from './some-other-test';
import { module, test } from 'qunit';

module('Acceptance | module', beforeEachSetup());
```

```javascript
import testModule from '../../test-dir/another-test';
import { module, test } from 'qunit';

module('Acceptance | module', testModule());
```

```javascript
// some-test.js
export function beforeEachSetup() {}
```

```javascript
// some-test.js
function beforeEachSetup() {}

export default { beforeEachSetup };
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```javascript
import setupModule from './some-test-helper';
import { module, test } from 'qunit';

module('Acceptance | module', setupModule());
```

```javascript
// some-test-helper.js
export function beforeEachSetup() {
  // ...
}
```

```javascript
// some-test-helper.js
function beforeEachSetup() {}

export default { beforeEachSetup };
```
