docs/rules/no-unnecessary-service-injection-argument.md, before:

# no-unnecessary-service-injection-argument

:wrench: The `--fix` option on the [command line](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/command-line-interface#fixing-problems) can automatically fix some of the problems reported by this rule.

Disallow unnecessary argument when injecting service.

It's not necessary to specify an injected service's name as an argument when the property name matches the service name.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
import Component from '@ember/component';
import { inject as service } from '@ember/service';

export default Component.extend({
  myServiceName: service('myServiceName')
});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
export default Component.extend({
  myServiceName: service()
});
```

```js
export default Component.extend({
  myServiceName: service('my-service-name')
});
```

```js
export default Component.extend({
  otherSpecialName: service('my-service-name')
});
```

## References

* Ember [Services](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/applications/services/) guide
* Ember [inject](https://emberjs.com/api/ember/release/functions/@ember%2Fservice/inject) function spec

Commit message:

docs: mention why some rules are not in the recommended config

docs/rules/no-unnecessary-service-injection-argument.md, after:

# no-unnecessary-service-injection-argument

:wrench: The `--fix` option on the [command line](https://eslint.org/docs/user-guide/command-line-interface#fixing-problems) can automatically fix some of the problems reported by this rule.

Disallow unnecessary argument when injecting service.

It's not necessary to specify an injected service's name as an argument when the property name matches the service name.

Note: this rule is not in the `recommended` configuration because this is more of a stylistic preference and some developers may prefer to use the explicit service injection argument to avoid potentially costly lookup/normalization of the service name.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
import Component from '@ember/component';
import { inject as service } from '@ember/service';

export default Component.extend({
  myServiceName: service('myServiceName')
});
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
export default Component.extend({
  myServiceName: service()
});
```

```js
export default Component.extend({
  myServiceName: service('my-service-name')
});
```

```js
export default Component.extend({
  otherSpecialName: service('my-service-name')
});
```

## References

* Ember [Services](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/applications/services/) guide
* Ember [inject](https://emberjs.com/api/ember/release/functions/@ember%2Fservice/inject) function spec
