docs/rules/no-unused-services.md, before:

# no-unused-services

Disallow unused service injections.

By removing unused service injections, we can reduce the amount of code we have and improve code readability.

**Note**: This rule can exhibit false positives when an injected service is only used in:

- The corresponding handlebars template file for a controller or component
- A mixin or parent class that the current class extends from
- A child class that extends from the current class

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
import Component from '@glimmer/component';

export default class MyComponent extends Component {
  @service() myService;

  // myService is not referenced below at all
}
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
import Component from '@glimmer/component';

export default class MyComponent extends Component {
  @service() myService;

  get someProperty() {
    return this.myService.getSomething(); // using the injected service
  }
}
```

## References

- Ember [Services](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/applications/services/) guide
- Ember [inject](https://emberjs.com/api/ember/release/functions/@ember%2Fservice/inject) function spec

Commit message:

docs: further clarify limitations of `no-unused-services` rule

docs/rules/no-unused-services.md, after:

# no-unused-services

Disallow unused service injections.

By removing unused service injections, we can reduce the amount of code we have and improve code readability.

**Note**: This rule can exhibit false positives when an injected service is only used in:

- The corresponding handlebars template file for a controller or component
- A mixin or parent class that the current class extends from
- A child class that extends from the current class

Given these significant limitations, the rule is not currently recommended for production usage, but some may find it useful to experiment with.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
import Component from '@glimmer/component';

export default class MyComponent extends Component {
  @service() myService;

  // myService is not referenced below at all
}
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
import Component from '@glimmer/component';

export default class MyComponent extends Component {
  @service() myService;

  get someProperty() {
    return this.myService.getSomething(); // using the injected service
  }
}
```

## References

- Ember [Services](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/applications/services/) guide
- Ember [inject](https://emberjs.com/api/ember/release/functions/@ember%2Fservice/inject) function spec
