docs/rules/template-no-let-reference.md, before:

# ember/template-no-let-reference

<!-- end auto-generated rule header -->

Disallows referencing let/var variables in templates.

```js
// app/components/foo.gjs
let foo = 1;

function increment() {
foo++;
}

export default <template>{{foo}}</template>;
```

This does not "work" – it doesn't error, but it will essentially capture and compile in the value of the foo variable at some arbitrary point and never update again. Even if the component is torn down and a new instance is created/rendered, it will probably still hold on to the old value when the template was initially compiled.

So, generally speaking, one should avoid referencing let variables from within &lt;template&gt; and instead prefer to use const bindings.

## Rule Detail

Use `const` variables instead of `let`.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
let x = 1;
<template>
  {{x}}
</template>
```

```js
let Comp = x; // SomeComponent
<template>
  <Comp />
</template>
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
const x = 1;
<template>
  {{x}}
</template>
```

```js
const Comp = x; // SomeComponent
<template>
  <Comp />
</template>
```

Commit message:

Add new `recommended` rule: `template-no-let-reference` (#1977)

docs/rules/template-no-let-reference.md, after:

# ember/template-no-let-reference

💼 This rule is enabled in the ✅ `recommended` [config](https://github.com/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember#-configurations).

<!-- end auto-generated rule header -->

Disallows referencing let/var variables in templates.

```js
// app/components/foo.gjs
let foo = 1;

function increment() {
foo++;
}

export default <template>{{foo}}</template>;
```

This does not "work" – it doesn't error, but it will essentially capture and compile in the value of the foo variable at some arbitrary point and never update again. Even if the component is torn down and a new instance is created/rendered, it will probably still hold on to the old value when the template was initially compiled.

So, generally speaking, one should avoid referencing let variables from within &lt;template&gt; and instead prefer to use const bindings.

## Rule Detail

Use `const` variables instead of `let`.

## Examples

Examples of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
let x = 1;
<template>
  {{x}}
</template>
```

```js
let Comp = x; // SomeComponent
<template>
  <Comp />
</template>
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js
const x = 1;
<template>
  {{x}}
</template>
```

```js
const Comp = x; // SomeComponent
<template>
  <Comp />
</template>
```
