README.md, before:

# eslint-plugin-ember

[![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/eslint-plugin-ember.svg?style=flat)](https://npmjs.org/package/eslint-plugin-ember)
[![NPM downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/eslint-plugin-ember.svg?style=flat)](https://npmjs.org/package/eslint-plugin-ember)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember)

> An ESlint plugin that provides set of rules for Ember Applications based on commonly known good practices.

## ❗️Requirements

- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) `>= 5`
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) `>= 8`

## 🚀 Usage

### 1. Install plugin

```shell
yarn add --dev eslint-plugin-ember
```

Or

```shell
npm install --save-dev eslint-plugin-ember
```

### 2. Modify your `.eslintrc.js`

```javascript
// .eslintrc.js
module.exports = {
  plugins: ['ember'],
  extends: [
    'eslint:recommended',
    'plugin:ember/recommended' // or other configuration
  ],
  rules: {
    // override rule settings here
    'ember/no-jquery': 'error'
  }
};
```

## 🧰 Configurations

|    | Name | Description |
|:---|:-----|:------------|
| | [base](./lib/config/base.js) | contains no rules settings, but the basic eslint configuration suitable for any ember project. You can use it to configure rules as you wish. |
| :white_check_mark: | [recommended](./lib/recommended-rules.js) | extends the `base` configuration by enabling the recommended rules. |
| :car: | [octane](./lib/octane-rules.js) | extends the `recommended` configuration by enabling octane rules. This ruleset is currently considered **unstable and experimental** :warning: as rules may be added and removed until the final ruleset is settled upon. |

## 🍟 Rules

Rules are grouped by category to help you understand their purpose.

Each rule has emojis denoting what configuration it belongs to and/or a :wrench: if the rule is fixable via the `--fix` command line option.

<!--RULES_TABLE_START-->

### Best Practices

|    | Rule ID | Description |
|:---|:--------|:------------|
|  | [alias-model-in-controller](./docs/rules/alias-model-in-controller.md) | enforce aliasing model in controllers |
| :white_check_mark: | [avoid-using-needs-in-controllers](./docs/rules/avoid-using-needs-in-controllers.md) | disallow using `needs` in controllers |
| :white_check_mark: | [closure-actions](./docs/rules/closure-actions.md) | enforce usage of closure actions |
|  | [named-functions-in-promises](./docs/rules/named-functions-in-promises.md) | enforce usage of named functions in promises |
| :white_check_mark: | [new-module-imports](./docs/rules/new-module-imports.md) | enforce using "New Module Imports" from Ember RFC #176 |
|  | [no-controllers](./docs/rules/no-controllers.md) | disallow non-essential controllers |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-function-prototype-extensions](./docs/rules/no-function-prototype-extensions.md) | disallow usage of Ember's `function` prototype extensions |
| :car: | [no-get-with-default](./docs/rules/no-get-with-default.md) | disallow usage of the Ember's `getWithDefault` function |
| :car::wrench: | [no-get](./docs/rules/no-get.md) | require using ES5 getters instead of Ember's `get` / `getProperties` functions |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-global-jquery](./docs/rules/no-global-jquery.md) | disallow usage of global jQuery object |
| :car: | [no-jquery](./docs/rules/no-jquery.md) | disallow any usage of jQuery |
|  | [no-mixins](./docs/rules/no-mixins.md) | disallow the usage of mixins |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-new-mixins](./docs/rules/no-new-mixins.md) | disallow the creation of new mixins |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-observers](./docs/rules/no-observers.md) | disallow usage of observers |
| :white_check_mark::wrench: | [no-old-shims](./docs/rules/no-old-shims.md) | disallow usage of old shims for modules |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-on-calls-in-components](./docs/rules/no-on-calls-in-components.md) | disallow usage of `on` to call lifecycle hooks in components |
|  | [no-private-routing-service](./docs/rules/no-private-routing-service.md) | disallow injecting the private routing service |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-restricted-resolver-tests](./docs/rules/no-restricted-resolver-tests.md) | disallow the use of patterns that use the restricted resolver in tests |
|  | [no-unnecessary-index-route](./docs/rules/no-unnecessary-index-route.md) | disallow unnecessary `index` route definition |
| :white_check_mark::wrench: | [no-unnecessary-route-path-option](./docs/rules/no-unnecessary-route-path-option.md) | disallow unnecessary usage of the route `path` option |
| :wrench: | [no-unnecessary-service-injection-argument](./docs/rules/no-unnecessary-service-injection-argument.md) | disallow unnecessary argument when injecting services |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-volatile-computed-properties](./docs/rules/no-volatile-computed-properties.md) | disallow volatile computed properties |
| :wrench: | [require-computed-macros](./docs/rules/require-computed-macros.md) | require using computed property macros when possible |
|  | [route-path-style](./docs/rules/route-path-style.md) | enforce usage of kebab-case (instead of snake_case or camelCase) in route paths |
| :wrench: | [use-ember-get-and-set](./docs/rules/use-ember-get-and-set.md) | enforce usage of `Ember.get` and `Ember.set` |

### Ember Object

|    | Rule ID | Description |
|:---|:--------|:------------|
| :white_check_mark: | [avoid-leaking-state-in-ember-objects](./docs/rules/avoid-leaking-state-in-ember-objects.md) | disallow state leakage |
| :car: | [classic-decorator-hooks](./docs/rules/classic-decorator-hooks.md) | enforce using correct hooks for both classic and non-classic classes |
| :car: | [classic-decorator-no-classic-methods](./docs/rules/classic-decorator-no-classic-methods.md) | disallow usage of classic APIs such as `get`/`set` in classes that aren't explicitly decorated with `@classic` |
|  | [computed-property-getters](./docs/rules/computed-property-getters.md) | enforce the consistent use of getters in computed properties |
|  | [no-proxies](./docs/rules/no-proxies.md) | disallow using array or object proxies |

### Possible Errors

|    | Rule ID | Description |
|:---|:--------|:------------|
| :white_check_mark: | [jquery-ember-run](./docs/rules/jquery-ember-run.md) | disallow usage of jQuery without an Ember run loop |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-arrow-function-computed-properties](./docs/rules/no-arrow-function-computed-properties.md) | disallow arrow functions in computed properties |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-attrs-in-components](./docs/rules/no-attrs-in-components.md) | disallow usage of `this.attrs` in components |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-attrs-snapshot](./docs/rules/no-attrs-snapshot.md) | disallow use of attrs snapshot in the `didReceiveAttrs` and `didUpdateAttrs` hooks |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-capital-letters-in-routes](./docs/rules/no-capital-letters-in-routes.md) | disallow routes with uppercased letters in router.js |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-deeply-nested-dependent-keys-with-each](./docs/rules/no-deeply-nested-dependent-keys-with-each.md) | disallow usage of deeply-nested computed property dependent keys with `@each` |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-duplicate-dependent-keys](./docs/rules/no-duplicate-dependent-keys.md) | disallow repeating computed property dependent keys |
| :white_check_mark::wrench: | [no-ember-super-in-es-classes](./docs/rules/no-ember-super-in-es-classes.md) | disallow use of `this._super` in ES class methods |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-ember-testing-in-module-scope](./docs/rules/no-ember-testing-in-module-scope.md) | disallow use of `Ember.testing` in module scope |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-incorrect-calls-with-inline-anonymous-functions](./docs/rules/no-incorrect-calls-with-inline-anonymous-functions.md) | disallow inline anonymous functions as arguments to `debounce`, `once`, and `scheduleOnce` |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-invalid-debug-function-arguments](./docs/rules/no-invalid-debug-function-arguments.md) | disallow usages of Ember's `assert()` / `warn()` / `deprecate()` functions that have the arguments passed in the wrong order. |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-side-effects](./docs/rules/no-side-effects.md) | disallow unexpected side effects in computed properties |
| :wrench: | [require-computed-property-dependencies](./docs/rules/require-computed-property-dependencies.md) | require dependencies to be declared statically in computed properties |
| :white_check_mark: | [require-return-from-computed](./docs/rules/require-return-from-computed.md) | disallow missing return statements in computed properties |
| :white_check_mark: | [require-super-in-init](./docs/rules/require-super-in-init.md) | require `this._super` to be called in `init` hooks |
| :white_check_mark: | [routes-segments-snake-case](./docs/rules/routes-segments-snake-case.md) | enforce usage of snake_cased dynamic segments in routes |

### Ember Octane

|    | Rule ID | Description |
|:---|:--------|:------------|
| :car: | [no-actions-hash](./docs/rules/no-actions-hash.md) | disallow the actions hash in components, controllers, and routes |
| :car: | [no-classic-classes](./docs/rules/no-classic-classes.md) | disallow "classic" classes in favor of native JS classes |
| :car: | [no-classic-components](./docs/rules/no-classic-components.md) | enforce using Glimmer components |
| :car: | [no-component-lifecycle-hooks](./docs/rules/no-component-lifecycle-hooks.md) | disallow usage of "classic" ember component lifecycle hooks. Render modifiers or custom functional modifiers should be used instead. |
| :car: | [no-computed-properties-in-native-classes](./docs/rules/no-computed-properties-in-native-classes.md) | disallow using computed properties in native classes |
| :car: | [require-tagless-components](./docs/rules/require-tagless-components.md) | disallow using the wrapper element of a component |

### Ember Data

|    | Rule ID | Description |
|:---|:--------|:------------|
|  | [no-empty-attrs](./docs/rules/no-empty-attrs.md) | disallow usage of empty attributes in Ember Data models |
| :wrench: | [use-ember-data-rfc-395-imports](./docs/rules/use-ember-data-rfc-395-imports.md) | enforce usage of `@ember-data/` packages instead `ember-data` |

### Testing

|    | Rule ID | Description |
|:---|:--------|:------------|
|  | [no-legacy-test-waiters](./docs/rules/no-legacy-test-waiters.md) | disallow the use of the legacy test waiter APIs. |
|  | [no-pause-test](./docs/rules/no-pause-test.md) | disallow usage of the `pauseTest` helper in tests |
|  | [no-test-and-then](./docs/rules/no-test-and-then.md) | disallow usage of the `andThen` test wait helper |
|  | [no-test-import-export](./docs/rules/no-test-import-export.md) | disallow importing of "-test.js" in a test file and exporting from a test file |
|  | [no-test-module-for](./docs/rules/no-test-module-for.md) | disallow usage of `moduleFor`, `moduleForComponent`, etc |

### Stylistic Issues

|    | Rule ID | Description |
|:---|:--------|:------------|
| :wrench: | [order-in-components](./docs/rules/order-in-components.md) | enforce proper order of properties in components |
| :wrench: | [order-in-controllers](./docs/rules/order-in-controllers.md) | enforce proper order of properties in controllers |
| :wrench: | [order-in-models](./docs/rules/order-in-models.md) | enforce proper order of properties in models |
| :wrench: | [order-in-routes](./docs/rules/order-in-routes.md) | enforce proper order of properties in routes |
| :white_check_mark: | [use-brace-expansion](./docs/rules/use-brace-expansion.md) | enforce usage of brace expansion in computed property dependent keys |

<!--RULES_TABLE_END-->

For the simplified list of rules, [go here](./lib/index.js).

## 🍻 Contribution guide

In order to add a new rule, you should:

- [Create an issue](https://github.com/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember/issues/new) on GitHub with description of proposed rule
- Generate a new rule using the [official yeoman generator](https://github.com/eslint/generator-eslint)
- Run `yarn start`
- Write test scenarios & implement logic
- Describe the rule in the generated `docs` file
- Make sure all tests are passing
- Run `yarn run update` in order to update readme and recommended configuration
- Create PR and link created issue in description

If you have any suggestions, ideas, or problems feel free to [create an issue](https://github.com/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember/issues/new), but first please make sure your question does not repeat previous ones.

## ⭐️ Contributors

- [Adrian Zalewski](https://github.com/bardzusny)
- [Alex LaFroscia](https://github.com/alexlafroscia)
- [Bryan Mishkin](https://github.com/bmish)
- [Casey Watts](https://github.com/caseywatts)
- [Jacek Bandura](https://github.com/jbandura)
- [Kamil Ejsymont](https://github.com/netes)
- [Michał Sajnóg](https://github.com/michalsnik)
- [Rafał Leszczyński](https://github.com/rafleszczynski)
- [Robert Wagner](https://github.com/rwwagner90)
- [Steve Gargan](https://github.com/sgargan)
- [Tobias Bieniek](https://github.com/Turbo87)

## 🙌 Credits

- [DockYard team](http://github.com/DockYard) - for great inspiration with their [styleguide](https://github.com/DockYard/styleguides/blob/master/engineering/ember.md)
- [Rob Hilgefort](https://github.com/rjhilgefort) - for making it possible to redeploy new plugin under existing `eslint-plugin-ember` package name

## 🔓 License

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for license rights and limitations (MIT).

Commit message:

ISSUE #708 - Add  rule "no-invalid-dependent-keys" to require that dependent keys used for computed properties to be valid.

README.md, after:

# eslint-plugin-ember

[![NPM version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/eslint-plugin-ember.svg?style=flat)](https://npmjs.org/package/eslint-plugin-ember)
[![NPM downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/eslint-plugin-ember.svg?style=flat)](https://npmjs.org/package/eslint-plugin-ember)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember)

> An ESlint plugin that provides set of rules for Ember Applications based on commonly known good practices.

## ❗️Requirements

- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) `>= 5`
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) `>= 8`

## 🚀 Usage

### 1. Install plugin

```shell
yarn add --dev eslint-plugin-ember
```

Or

```shell
npm install --save-dev eslint-plugin-ember
```

### 2. Modify your `.eslintrc.js`

```javascript
// .eslintrc.js
module.exports = {
  plugins: ['ember'],
  extends: [
    'eslint:recommended',
    'plugin:ember/recommended' // or other configuration
  ],
  rules: {
    // override rule settings here
    'ember/no-jquery': 'error'
  }
};
```

## 🧰 Configurations

|    | Name | Description |
|:---|:-----|:------------|
| | [base](./lib/config/base.js) | contains no rules settings, but the basic eslint configuration suitable for any ember project. You can use it to configure rules as you wish. |
| :white_check_mark: | [recommended](./lib/recommended-rules.js) | extends the `base` configuration by enabling the recommended rules. |
| :car: | [octane](./lib/octane-rules.js) | extends the `recommended` configuration by enabling octane rules. This ruleset is currently considered **unstable and experimental** :warning: as rules may be added and removed until the final ruleset is settled upon. |

## 🍟 Rules

Rules are grouped by category to help you understand their purpose.

Each rule has emojis denoting what configuration it belongs to and/or a :wrench: if the rule is fixable via the `--fix` command line option.

<!--RULES_TABLE_START-->

### Best Practices

|    | Rule ID | Description |
|:---|:--------|:------------|
|  | [alias-model-in-controller](./docs/rules/alias-model-in-controller.md) | enforce aliasing model in controllers |
| :white_check_mark: | [avoid-using-needs-in-controllers](./docs/rules/avoid-using-needs-in-controllers.md) | disallow using `needs` in controllers |
| :white_check_mark: | [closure-actions](./docs/rules/closure-actions.md) | enforce usage of closure actions |
|  | [named-functions-in-promises](./docs/rules/named-functions-in-promises.md) | enforce usage of named functions in promises |
| :white_check_mark: | [new-module-imports](./docs/rules/new-module-imports.md) | enforce using "New Module Imports" from Ember RFC #176 |
|  | [no-controllers](./docs/rules/no-controllers.md) | disallow non-essential controllers |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-function-prototype-extensions](./docs/rules/no-function-prototype-extensions.md) | disallow usage of Ember's `function` prototype extensions |
| :car: | [no-get-with-default](./docs/rules/no-get-with-default.md) | disallow usage of the Ember's `getWithDefault` function |
| :car::wrench: | [no-get](./docs/rules/no-get.md) | require using ES5 getters instead of Ember's `get` / `getProperties` functions |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-global-jquery](./docs/rules/no-global-jquery.md) | disallow usage of global jQuery object |
| :car: | [no-jquery](./docs/rules/no-jquery.md) | disallow any usage of jQuery |
|  | [no-mixins](./docs/rules/no-mixins.md) | disallow the usage of mixins |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-new-mixins](./docs/rules/no-new-mixins.md) | disallow the creation of new mixins |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-observers](./docs/rules/no-observers.md) | disallow usage of observers |
| :white_check_mark::wrench: | [no-old-shims](./docs/rules/no-old-shims.md) | disallow usage of old shims for modules |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-on-calls-in-components](./docs/rules/no-on-calls-in-components.md) | disallow usage of `on` to call lifecycle hooks in components |
|  | [no-private-routing-service](./docs/rules/no-private-routing-service.md) | disallow injecting the private routing service |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-restricted-resolver-tests](./docs/rules/no-restricted-resolver-tests.md) | disallow the use of patterns that use the restricted resolver in tests |
|  | [no-unnecessary-index-route](./docs/rules/no-unnecessary-index-route.md) | disallow unnecessary `index` route definition |
| :white_check_mark::wrench: | [no-unnecessary-route-path-option](./docs/rules/no-unnecessary-route-path-option.md) | disallow unnecessary usage of the route `path` option |
| :wrench: | [no-unnecessary-service-injection-argument](./docs/rules/no-unnecessary-service-injection-argument.md) | disallow unnecessary argument when injecting services |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-volatile-computed-properties](./docs/rules/no-volatile-computed-properties.md) | disallow volatile computed properties |
| :wrench: | [require-computed-macros](./docs/rules/require-computed-macros.md) | require using computed property macros when possible |
|  | [route-path-style](./docs/rules/route-path-style.md) | enforce usage of kebab-case (instead of snake_case or camelCase) in route paths |
| :wrench: | [use-ember-get-and-set](./docs/rules/use-ember-get-and-set.md) | enforce usage of `Ember.get` and `Ember.set` |

### Ember Object

|    | Rule ID | Description |
|:---|:--------|:------------|
| :white_check_mark: | [avoid-leaking-state-in-ember-objects](./docs/rules/avoid-leaking-state-in-ember-objects.md) | disallow state leakage |
| :car: | [classic-decorator-hooks](./docs/rules/classic-decorator-hooks.md) | enforce using correct hooks for both classic and non-classic classes |
| :car: | [classic-decorator-no-classic-methods](./docs/rules/classic-decorator-no-classic-methods.md) | disallow usage of classic APIs such as `get`/`set` in classes that aren't explicitly decorated with `@classic` |
|  | [computed-property-getters](./docs/rules/computed-property-getters.md) | enforce the consistent use of getters in computed properties |
|  | [no-proxies](./docs/rules/no-proxies.md) | disallow using array or object proxies |

### Possible Errors

|    | Rule ID | Description |
|:---|:--------|:------------|
| :white_check_mark: | [jquery-ember-run](./docs/rules/jquery-ember-run.md) | disallow usage of jQuery without an Ember run loop |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-arrow-function-computed-properties](./docs/rules/no-arrow-function-computed-properties.md) | disallow arrow functions in computed properties |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-attrs-in-components](./docs/rules/no-attrs-in-components.md) | disallow usage of `this.attrs` in components |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-attrs-snapshot](./docs/rules/no-attrs-snapshot.md) | disallow use of attrs snapshot in the `didReceiveAttrs` and `didUpdateAttrs` hooks |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-capital-letters-in-routes](./docs/rules/no-capital-letters-in-routes.md) | disallow routes with uppercased letters in router.js |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-deeply-nested-dependent-keys-with-each](./docs/rules/no-deeply-nested-dependent-keys-with-each.md) | disallow usage of deeply-nested computed property dependent keys with `@each` |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-duplicate-dependent-keys](./docs/rules/no-duplicate-dependent-keys.md) | disallow repeating computed property dependent keys |
| :white_check_mark::wrench: | [no-ember-super-in-es-classes](./docs/rules/no-ember-super-in-es-classes.md) | disallow use of `this._super` in ES class methods |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-ember-testing-in-module-scope](./docs/rules/no-ember-testing-in-module-scope.md) | disallow use of `Ember.testing` in module scope |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-incorrect-calls-with-inline-anonymous-functions](./docs/rules/no-incorrect-calls-with-inline-anonymous-functions.md) | disallow inline anonymous functions as arguments to `debounce`, `once`, and `scheduleOnce` |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-invalid-debug-function-arguments](./docs/rules/no-invalid-debug-function-arguments.md) | disallow usages of Ember's `assert()` / `warn()` / `deprecate()` functions that have the arguments passed in the wrong order. |
|  | [no-invalid-dependent-keys](./docs/rules/no-invalid-dependent-keys.md) | require that dependent keys used for computed properties to be valid. |
| :white_check_mark: | [no-side-effects](./docs/rules/no-side-effects.md) | disallow unexpected side effects in computed properties |
| :wrench: | [require-computed-property-dependencies](./docs/rules/require-computed-property-dependencies.md) | require dependencies to be declared statically in computed properties |
| :white_check_mark: | [require-return-from-computed](./docs/rules/require-return-from-computed.md) | disallow missing return statements in computed properties |
| :white_check_mark: | [require-super-in-init](./docs/rules/require-super-in-init.md) | require `this._super` to be called in `init` hooks |
| :white_check_mark: | [routes-segments-snake-case](./docs/rules/routes-segments-snake-case.md) | enforce usage of snake_cased dynamic segments in routes |

### Ember Octane

|    | Rule ID | Description |
|:---|:--------|:------------|
| :car: | [no-actions-hash](./docs/rules/no-actions-hash.md) | disallow the actions hash in components, controllers, and routes |
| :car: | [no-classic-classes](./docs/rules/no-classic-classes.md) | disallow "classic" classes in favor of native JS classes |
| :car: | [no-classic-components](./docs/rules/no-classic-components.md) | enforce using Glimmer components |
| :car: | [no-component-lifecycle-hooks](./docs/rules/no-component-lifecycle-hooks.md) | disallow usage of "classic" ember component lifecycle hooks. Render modifiers or custom functional modifiers should be used instead. |
| :car: | [no-computed-properties-in-native-classes](./docs/rules/no-computed-properties-in-native-classes.md) | disallow using computed properties in native classes |
| :car: | [require-tagless-components](./docs/rules/require-tagless-components.md) | disallow using the wrapper element of a component |

### Ember Data

|    | Rule ID | Description |
|:---|:--------|:------------|
|  | [no-empty-attrs](./docs/rules/no-empty-attrs.md) | disallow usage of empty attributes in Ember Data models |
| :wrench: | [use-ember-data-rfc-395-imports](./docs/rules/use-ember-data-rfc-395-imports.md) | enforce usage of `@ember-data/` packages instead `ember-data` |

### Testing

|    | Rule ID | Description |
|:---|:--------|:------------|
|  | [no-legacy-test-waiters](./docs/rules/no-legacy-test-waiters.md) | disallow the use of the legacy test waiter APIs. |
|  | [no-pause-test](./docs/rules/no-pause-test.md) | disallow usage of the `pauseTest` helper in tests |
|  | [no-test-and-then](./docs/rules/no-test-and-then.md) | disallow usage of the `andThen` test wait helper |
|  | [no-test-import-export](./docs/rules/no-test-import-export.md) | disallow importing of "-test.js" in a test file and exporting from a test file |
|  | [no-test-module-for](./docs/rules/no-test-module-for.md) | disallow usage of `moduleFor`, `moduleForComponent`, etc |

### Stylistic Issues

|    | Rule ID | Description |
|:---|:--------|:------------|
| :wrench: | [order-in-components](./docs/rules/order-in-components.md) | enforce proper order of properties in components |
| :wrench: | [order-in-controllers](./docs/rules/order-in-controllers.md) | enforce proper order of properties in controllers |
| :wrench: | [order-in-models](./docs/rules/order-in-models.md) | enforce proper order of properties in models |
| :wrench: | [order-in-routes](./docs/rules/order-in-routes.md) | enforce proper order of properties in routes |
| :white_check_mark: | [use-brace-expansion](./docs/rules/use-brace-expansion.md) | enforce usage of brace expansion in computed property dependent keys |

<!--RULES_TABLE_END-->

For the simplified list of rules, [go here](./lib/index.js).

## 🍻 Contribution guide

In order to add a new rule, you should:

- [Create an issue](https://github.com/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember/issues/new) on GitHub with description of proposed rule
- Generate a new rule using the [official yeoman generator](https://github.com/eslint/generator-eslint)
- Run `yarn start`
- Write test scenarios & implement logic
- Describe the rule in the generated `docs` file
- Make sure all tests are passing
- Run `yarn run update` in order to update readme and recommended configuration
- Create PR and link created issue in description

If you have any suggestions, ideas, or problems feel free to [create an issue](https://github.com/ember-cli/eslint-plugin-ember/issues/new), but first please make sure your question does not repeat previous ones.

## ⭐️ Contributors

- [Adrian Zalewski](https://github.com/bardzusny)
- [Alex LaFroscia](https://github.com/alexlafroscia)
- [Bryan Mishkin](https://github.com/bmish)
- [Casey Watts](https://github.com/caseywatts)
- [Jacek Bandura](https://github.com/jbandura)
- [Kamil Ejsymont](https://github.com/netes)
- [Michał Sajnóg](https://github.com/michalsnik)
- [Rafał Leszczyński](https://github.com/rafleszczynski)
- [Robert Wagner](https://github.com/rwwagner90)
- [Steve Gargan](https://github.com/sgargan)
- [Tobias Bieniek](https://github.com/Turbo87)

## 🙌 Credits

- [DockYard team](http://github.com/DockYard) - for great inspiration with their [styleguide](https://github.com/DockYard/styleguides/blob/master/engineering/ember.md)
- [Rob Hilgefort](https://github.com/rjhilgefort) - for making it possible to redeploy new plugin under existing `eslint-plugin-ember` package name

## 🔓 License

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) file for license rights and limitations (MIT).
